she's ever make anything happen and
listen you couldn't explain you're a
wizard Harry I'm a lot
damn mr. Potter we are pleased to inform
you that you have been accepted at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry in a few moments you will pass
through these doors and join your
classmate keep an eye on the staircases
they like to change
good afternoon class welcome to your
first flying lesson take your right hand
over the broom and say exactly what you
think you're better you really have to
stop
my kid mr. Potter
our new celebrity first-years should not
the dark forest is strictly forbidden
with no magic to be used between the
classes of the corridors
Petrificus Totalus
the third-floor corridor is out of
bounds to everyone who does not wish to
suffer a most painful death understand
this sorry because it's very important
not all Wizards are good
I ain't bad for either of you come up
with another clever I did it skilled was
expelled she nice saw her priorities
I think it is clear that we can expect
great things from you